I think it also added a sign out here,
so you can click your name.
If you follow along, you did the GitHub
thing, you should see your picture here
and your GitHub name and email,
you should be able to sign out like that.
>> How would I go if I
want to refresh the token?
>> So if you wanna refresh the token,
that's a nasty experience, right?
Now you've gotta click here and
Sign in again,
if I just need to read like Heroku Heroku
does a refresh, and it's really nice.
I like that, there is no automatic support
for token refreshes in the next auth,
you have to manually set it
up using their callbacks.
And I could kind of show you how you can
do that but it's still pretty simple.
You just yeah, it's not it's not too
difficult because I'm pretty sure they
don't have an automatic
one not that I know of.
Let me see, look, that's the course right
there, how do I get a refresh token?
Like literally right there,
so it's a thing.
It's just a little process you have
to add, so yeah, not too difficult.
So the question was, does the server, when
I have a page that has server side props,
does the server side props
function get hit every time, or
when I'm on the client side, do I,
am I actually using client side
routing out right without a question?
Okay, a couple things there,
so, let's talk about
the server side props,
server side props is going to be
executed every single time you
go to this route, every time.
It's never not gonna go here, so let's
try it out, so I'm gonna go to sign in.
And then we can go look
at the terminal here.
You can see I got hit right there and
I will refresh it a couple times.
One, two, three,
you can see I got hit three times.
But that's a full refresh.
Let's actually navigate and try it.
So if I go here, which is the home,
click back on dashboard,
which navigates to the app.
You can see it did it another time, okay.
So service I promise is always going to
be executed because it's server render,
that's the full stack part.
But depending on how you link between your
routes, and the key word here is link.
Like for instance, if I go to my index,
you can see that or
not index i guess it's top nav.
Or home and home.
Now you can see I'm using this
link component from next link.
If I use this component, this is going
to give me client side rendering.
So you can see right here by using this
component and navigating to blog, it's
gonna be a client side render whereas if I
just used an anchor tag and went straight.
And I just added the URL here that
won't be a client side render,
it's gonna be a full server side render,
which is for better for worse and
it might not be what you're trying to do,
I'm not sure but if you use the next link,
you opt into, like prefetching it'll
prefetch this if it's static before
you even click on it, so it's ready to go.
They'll do different things like that.
So it really depends on how you route
is going to determine the behavior
of whether you're doing a full request to
the server versus client side routing.
But none of that really matters
if the page you're routing to
has server side props.
Cuz it's gonna hit that server anyway,
that page has to be served on server side
props, no matter how you route to it.
It's always going to serve that,
so this is mostly just for like,
if you have like a hybrid page, where
it's like okay It's server side rendered,
or maybe it's statically
built at build time.
But I'm doing some client side stuff
to address some hooks in there.
I'm doing some API calls inside the JSX,
I'm doing some heavy client side stuff.
So I want that to be snappy.
So then yeah, you're probably using
next link to link to that because if you
didn't, and you did an anchor tag It's
gonna go load up that whole page that that
whole document all over again,
the index, HTML, everything, and
then you're going to wait for
your JavaScript to load in.
Whereas if you just did this,
it'll just swap out the part
where the route is, right?
So, yeah,
it really depends on how you link.